Project Time

Create Static Pages Application

PART ONE:

Build a personal resume website for the person sitting next to you with only static pages (a single static controller and corresponding views, NO models.)

Initial setup: Create your new rails project (be sure to NOT put it in a pre-existing git repository), initialize your local git repository for your new project, make your initial commit, set up a new github respository for the project and push your initial commit to your github repository.

Personal Resume Website should inlcude the following pages (at least):
  Home
  About
  Work History
  Education

- Make sure you set up an appropiate root page.

- Include a navagation bar that links to all the other pages for every page. This should be in the form of a partial.

- Add appropriate content to each page.

- Style the pages in a simple yet aesthetically pleasing manner. Don't get carried away, just add some color and position the elements on the page all pretty like.

=====================================

== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
